A guys crime.
Now you can see the product is being ordered multiple times.
So in this lecture, rather than sort of this era, okay, not to do this, we're gonna need to go to
the provider directory.
Okay.
The products provider.
Now, before running the loop over here, you're going to call this report card on this call products.
So.
Okay.
Copy.
And over here.
Nevertheless, they wanted to empty first.
Okay.
Before running a little too hard.
The product to that least.
Okay, now how to start this?
He's going to sort it out.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
You got to see this.
Shot me.
Okay, now check it out.
Okay.
It's going to take some time to refresh.
You can see I can't go back to I could go back to it again.
You can see now we have just.
The two products.
Okay.
I think the remnants of his bad.
They manage.
Okay.
Okay, great.
I think you have to change this to Ford and not clothes because the product name is.
Okay.
Great.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.